[380] Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)  

https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-delete-getrandom-o1/description/

Tags:   algorithms 

Langs:  c   cpp   csharp   golang   java   javascript   kotlin   php   python   python3   ruby   rust   scala   swift   typescript 

* algorithms
* Medium (45.35%)
* Likes:    2344
* Dislikes: 153
* Total Accepted:    227.2K
* Total Submissions: 483.2K
* Testcase Example:  '["RandomizedSet","insert","remove","insert","getRandom","remove","insert","getRandom"]\n' +
  '[[],[1],[2],[2],[],[1],[2],[]]'
* Source Code:       /Users/qindongliang/daily_practices/leetcode_cpp/include/solutions/380.insert-delete-getrandom-o1.cpp

<p>Design a data structure that supports all following operations in <i>average</i> <b>O(1)</b> time.</p>

<p>
<ol>
<li><code>insert(val)</code>: Inserts an item val to the set if not already present.</li>
<li><code>remove(val)</code>: Removes an item val from the set if present.</li>
<li><code>getRandom</code>: Returns a random element from current set of elements. Each element must have the <b>same probability</b> of being returned.</li>
</ol>
</p>

<p><b>Example:</b>
<pre>
// Init an empty set.
RandomizedSet randomSet = new RandomizedSet();

// Inserts 1 to the set. Returns true as 1 was inserted successfully.
randomSet.insert(1);

// Returns false as 2 does not exist in the set.
randomSet.remove(2);

// Inserts 2 to the set, returns true. Set now contains [1,2].
randomSet.insert(2);

// getRandom should return either 1 or 2 randomly.
randomSet.getRandom();

// Removes 1 from the set, returns true. Set now contains [2].
randomSet.remove(1);

// 2 was already in the set, so return false.
randomSet.insert(2);

// Since 2 is the only number in the set, getRandom always return 2.
randomSet.getRandom();
</pre>
</p>
